Gentle Aqua Raven

high

# Settlement does not pay relayer fee to Connext

## Summary

CrosschainDistributor does not pay the relayer fee to Connext. Therefore, no cross-chain send can happen.

## Vulnerability Detail

Below is the call to Connext in CrosschainDistributor. Of note is that it does not pass any native token to the contract.


```solidity
      id = connext.xcall(
        _recipientDomain, // destination domain
        _recipient, // to
        address(token), // asset
        _recipient, // delegate, only required for self-execution + slippage
        _amount, // amount
        0, // slippage -- assumes no pools on connext
        bytes('') // calldata
      );
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L78

All other examples of using Connext, including that in Satellite.sol, pass a value to pay the fee.

Contrast the PingPong example from the Connext documentation: https://docs.connext.network/developers/examples/ping-pong

In this example, the Pong contract needs to have its own supply of native token in order to use Connext.

## Impact

Presumably, this means you cannot send anything cross-chain.

However, the Connext docs are a bit unclear on what happens when you make an `xcall` without paying the fee. The docs read ( https://docs.connext.network/developers/guides/estimating-fees ) 

> Relayer fees are paid in the origin native asset or the transacting asset and need to be estimated when xcall is initiated.

Presumably, this means that `xcall` will not revert, but instead emit a request to forward the call to the new chain. However, no relayer will actually forward this call except in the unlikely case that a relayer accepts payment in the form of airdrop asset. The assets will thus languish in Connext. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Pay the relayer fee. Supply the distributor with enough native token to pay it or demand that recipients do so.