Custom Chiffon Mantis

high

# `Satellite.initiateClaim()` will never be completed as connext relayer fee is not set in the `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim()` function

## Summary
`Satellite.initiateClaim()` will never be completed and funds will be lost. Any contract that interacts/inherits from the `CrosschainDistributor` will lose funds if `_recipientDomain != domain` logic is entered.

## Vulnerability Detail
As per [Connext documentation](https://docs.connext.network/developers/guides/estimating-fees#pay-in-native-asset) the relayer fee is a fee charged by relayers on top of normal gas costs in exchange for providing a meta-transaction service.

In the `CrosschainDistributor` contract the `_settleClaim()` function is used to transfer the tokens: directly to the user or through Connext:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L61-L87

This relayer fee is a parameter in an overloaded `xcall` method. If the call doesn't specify a `relayerFee`, it will assume that the relayer fee will be paid in native asset (e.g. xcall{value: relayerFeeInNative}). See [Connext documentation](https://docs.connext.network/developers/reference/contracts/calls#xcall).

Although, the `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim()` function is not setting any `msg.value` and is not overloading the `relayerFee` in the `connext.xcall()`. Hence, the `relayerFee` will be zero and will never be processed by any Connext relayer.

Before the `_settleClaim()` internal function is called, `_executeClaim()` is called, recording at smart contract level that those tokens were already claimed:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/Distributor.sol#L66-L85

As such, the airdrop would be recorded as claimed but it will never be received by the `beneficiary`. Hence, those funds would be lost permanently. For example:
1. Bob calls `contract_Satellite.initiateClaim()` with a `msg.value` high enough to pay for the relayer fee.
2. Internally this will call: 
```solidity
ConnextMock::xcall(
    3, 
    contract_CrosschainContinuousVestingMerkle3, 
    0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000, 
    0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000, 
    0, 
    0,
    < abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _domain, total, proof) >
)
```

3. Connext will call in the destination chain (3):
```solidity
contract_CrosschainContinuousVestingMerkle3.xReceive(
    bytes32, // _transferId,
    uint256, // _amount,
    address, // _asset,
    address, // _originSender,
    uint32, // _origin,
    < abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _domain, total, proof) >
  )
```

4. `_executeClaim()` is called internally, recording at smart contract level that those tokens were already claimed.
5. `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim()` function is called internally which will call:
```solidity
emit XCalled(
    destination: 1735353714,
    to: 0x3C44CdDdB6a900fa2b585dd299e03d12FA4293BC, 
    asset: 0x82aF49447D8a07e3bd95BD0d56f35241523fBab1, 
    delegate: 0x3C44CdDdB6a900fa2b585dd299e03d12FA4293BC, 
    amount: 500002480158730158000, 
    slippage: 0, 
    callData: 0x
)
```

No relayer fee is passed in this last `xcall()`.

## Impact
Funds airdropped would be lost permanently. 

Any contract that interacts/inherits from the `CrosschainDistributor` will lose funds if `_recipientDomain != domain` logic is entered.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L77-L87

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a relayer fee to the `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim()` function. 
Docs: https://docs.connext.network/developers/guides/estimating-fees#estimating-relayer-fees