Harsh Pewter Peacock

high

# `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim` does not pass any relayer fee to the `xcall`

## Summary
`CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim` does not pass any relayer fee to the `xcall`. The relayer fee is required by the Connext network to perform the cross chain token transfer.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_settleClaim` looks like this:
```solidity
  function _settleClaim(
    ...
  ) internal virtual {
    bytes32 id;
    if (_recipientDomain == 0 || _recipientDomain == domain) {
      ...
    } else {
      id = connext.xcall(
        _recipientDomain, // destination domain
        _recipient, // to
        address(token), // asset
        _recipient, // delegate, only required for self-execution + slippage
        _amount, // amount
        0, // slippage -- assumes no pools on connext
        bytes('') // calldata
      );
    }
    ...
  }
```
The relayer fee for `xcall` should be passed as `value` but it can be seen that it is not passed in the above statement.



## Impact
The impact of this issue will depend upon the implementation of `IConnect` contract.
- If the `IConnext` contract accepts `0` as relayer fee, then `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim` will get executed successfully but the actual token transfer on destination chain will not happen, as relayers won't execute a zero fee txn. In this case the airdrop will be marked as successfully claimed by user on source chain & CrosschainDistributor contract but the actual tokens won't arrive to recipient on destination chain. This may or may not be a complete loss of funds, as the Connext contract on destination chain may or may not have mechanisms to bump relayer fee (validating this is oos for this audit).
- If the `IConnext` contract does not accept `0` as relayer fee and reverts, then `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim` call will also revert. This will make `_settleClaim` function useless, essentially making the entire cross chain airdrop mechanism useless.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L78

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider passing `msg.value` as `value` to the `xcall` just like how it is done in `Satellite` contract.
