Custom Chiffon Mantis

high

# Voting power can be set to zero by any user

## Summary
As mentioned in the [Tokensoft Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/812037309376495636/1130514276570906685/1130577295539707995) the ERC20 tokens minted before the airdrop is performed are used to track an address's unvested token balance, so that other projects can utilize 'voting while vesting'.

## Vulnerability Detail
The ERC20 tokens minted before the airdrop is performed are used to track an address's unvested token balance, so that other projects can utilize 'voting while vesting'.

This design is flawed for multiple reasons:
1. In the contract `BasicDistributor` anyone can call the `claim()` function. This would airdrop the tokens to the correct `beneficiary` address, although it would also burn the ERC20 tokens, resetting the voting power of the beneficiary to zero:
```solidity
	function claim(address beneficiary) external nonReentrant {
		// effects
		uint256 claimedAmount = super._executeClaim(beneficiary, records[beneficiary].total);
		// interactions
		super._settleClaim(beneficiary, claimedAmount);
	}
```
2. The following comment is present in the `Satellite` contract:
_"Note that anyone could deploy a fake Satellite contract that does not require msg.sender to match the beneficiary or the Satellite domain to match the beneficiary domain. This would allow the attacker to claim tokens from the distributor on behalf of a beneficiary onto the chain / domain specified by that beneficiary's merkle leaf. This is not a security risk to the CrosschainMerkleDistributor, as this is the intended behavior for a properly constructed merkle root."_

This would also allow anyone to claim tokens on behalf of a beneficiary. Tokens would be sent to the beneficiary, but their voting power would be affected, unfairly.

## Impact
The issue affects the 'voting while vesting' design. Any DAO/project using these contracts to determine their voting power could be easily manipulated/exploited.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/BasicDistributor.sol#L46-L51
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L94
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/Satellite.sol#L18-L21

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Refactor the contracts logic so only the `beneficiary` or an address with a `beneficiary` signature can claim the airdrops.
