Zany Taffy Viper

high

# `_setTotal` function in `CrosschainDistributor` will revert

## Summary
The `_setTotal` function in `CrosschainDistributor` will revert when the owner tries to set a new total value.

## Vulnerability Detail
Once the `total` state variable is set in the constructor, it will not be possible to update it. This is because the function makes a call to the `_allowConnext` function which uses `safeApprove` to allow Connext to spend the ERC20 token on the contract's behalf. The problem lies in using `safeApprove` function. Check the implementation of the `safeApprove` function:

```solidity
function safeApprove(
    IERC20 token,
    address spender,
    uint256 value
) internal {
    // safeApprove should only be called when setting an initial allowance,
    // or when resetting it to zero. To increase and decrease it, use
    // 'safeIncreaseAllowance' and 'safeDecreaseAllowance'
    require(
        (value == 0) || (token.allowance(address(this), spender) == 0),
        "SafeERC20: approve from non-zero to non-zero allowance"
    );
    _callOptionalReturn(token, abi.encodeWithSelector(token.approve.selector, spender, value));
}
```
The `require` statement specifies that a user is either setting their allowance to zero or setting it from zero. But, when the `setToken` function is called (after it has already been called in the constructor), the statement `_allowConnext(total - claimed);` which tries to approve a non-zero value would revert, as the required condition in the safeApprove function would fail. The `safeApprove` requires that we first set the allowance to 0 and then to a non-zero value. But, that is not the case here.

## Impact
It would not be possible to set a new `total` value by the owner.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/SoftDAO/contracts/blob/291df55ddb0dbf53c6ed4d5b7432db0c357ca4d3/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L40-L45

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended that the protocol just use the approve function here. This would not be a problem, cause we are only approving the Connext address which is trusted. Or they may make use of 'safeIncreaseAllowance' and 'safeDecreaseAllowance' functions.
