Atomic Marmalade Finch

high

# Lack of domain separator can lead to replayable claiming across distributor contracts

## Summary
Tokensoft is an airdrop/claiming service that is offered to their various customers. Each customer will deploy their own distributor contracts if they need to allow users to claim their tokens. The `CrosschainMerkleDistributor.claimBySignature()` does not contain a domain separator pertaining to the signature, meaning that the same signature can be used for each customer's merkle distributor contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
`CrosschainMerkleDistributor.claimBySignature()` allows anyone to initiate a claim for a `beneficiary` to a `recipient` given a correctly provided signature.

```solidity
  function claimBySignature(
    address _recipient,
    uint32 _recipientDomain,
    address _beneficiary,
    uint32 _beneficiaryDomain,
    uint256 _total,
    bytes calldata _signature,
    bytes32[] calldata _proof
  ) external {
    // Recover the signature by beneficiary
    bytes32 _signed = keccak256(
      abi.encodePacked(_recipient, _recipientDomain, _beneficiary, _beneficiaryDomain, _total)
    );
    address recovered = _recoverSignature(_signed, _signature);
    require(recovered == _beneficiary, '!recovered');


    // Validate the claim
    _verifyMembership(_getLeaf(_beneficiary, _total, _beneficiaryDomain), _proof);
    uint256 claimedAmount = _executeClaim(_beneficiary, _total);


    _settleClaim(_beneficiary, _recipient, _recipientDomain, claimedAmount);
  }
```

Since there is no domain separator, if a beneficiary signs a single message to transfer a token claim to another recipient, that recipient can use the same signature to claim all of the beneficiary's tokens across all distributor contracts deployed on the same chain.

**Caveat**: The signed message includes a `_total` parameter, meaning that the token totals would need to be the same for each claim. This is possible, i.e. 100 tokens for each airdrop.

## Impact
- Theft of claimable tokens

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainMerkleDistributor.sol#L129-L131

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
A signature should only be valid for the contract that it was crafted for. Add a domain separator so that the signature is chain and contract specific.
