Jolly Juniper Mouse

medium

# Distributor.sol#_executeClaim - Risk of silent overflow, which could potentially lead to a loss of funds for the beneficiaries.

## Summary

In `_executeClaim()` there is a risk of a silent overflow, which could potentially lead to a loss of funds for the beneficiaries.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getClaimableAmount()` function returns a `uint256`:

```solidity
function getClaimableAmount(address beneficiary) public view virtual returns (uint256) {
```

It's used in the `_executeClaim()` function where is downcasted into a `uint120`:

```solidity
uint120 claimableAmount = uint120(getClaimableAmount(beneficiary));
```

After that, there's a require statement that only checks if `claimableAmount` is greater than 0 and not if it's less than or equal to type(uint120).max, which is the correct condition in this case:

```solidity
require(claimableAmount > 0, 'Distributor: no more tokens claimable right now');
```

However, there's a issue if `claimableAmount` becomes greater than type(uint120).max + 2 (if it becomes type(uint120).max + 1, the result will be 0, and it will revert because of the require). In this scenario, `claimableAmount` will silently overflow, potentially causing a loss of funds for the beneficiaries, as they might claim fewer tokens than they are entitled to.

The following PoC code confirms my finding, it can be tested on Remix or another IDE:

```solidity
contract Test {
    function _executeClaimTest (uint256 _beneficiary) public pure returns (uint256) {
        uint120 claimableAmount = uint120(_beneficiary);
        require(claimableAmount > 0,"Distributor: no more tokens claimable right now");
        return claimableAmount;
    }
}
```

1. We call the `_executeClaimTest()` function and set `_beneficiary` as 1329227995784915872903807060280344577( type(uint120).max + 2).
2. `_beneficiary` downcasts from uint256 to uint120, it silently overflows, and becomes 1.
3. `claimableAmount` becomes `uint120(_beneficiary)` which is 1.
4. It passes the require.
5. As a result, the beneficiary might claim only 1 token even though they were entitled to claim more.

## Impact

There'll be a loss of funds for the beneficiaries, because they might not be able to claim the correct amount of tokens they were entitled to.

## Code Snippet

[Distributor.sol#_executeClaim()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/Distributor.sol#L66C2-L85C4)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To fix this , you should update the require statement to also check if `claimableAmount` is less than or equal to type(uint120).max:

```solidity
    require(claimableAmount <= type(uint120).max, 'Distributor: claimableAmount is greater than type(uint120).max');
```

This way, the function will revert if claimableAmount is greater than type(uint120).max, preventing any potential loss of tokens due to silent overflow.
