Stable Currant Alligator

high

# Merkle Root Manipulation in `AdvancedDistributor.sol` Smart Contract Threatens Token Distribution Integrity

## Summary
The smart contract `AdvancedDistributor` suffers from a vulnerability related to possible Merkle root manipulation. The contract allows the contract owner to adjust the claimable amount for beneficiaries without updating the Merkle root, potentially leading to inconsistencies between the Merkle root and the actual claimable amounts. This opens up the possibility of malicious manipulation of the Merkle root, enabling an attacker to bypass legitimate claim adjustments.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability stems from the lack of updating the Merkle root after adjusting the claimable amount for beneficiaries. The `adjust` function allows the contract owner to modify the claimable tokens for a beneficiary without making corresponding updates to the Merkle root. As a result, the distribution details in the Merkle root can become inconsistent with the actual claimable amounts, creating a window of opportunity for an attacker to exploit the discrepancy.

## Impact
An attacker exploiting this vulnerability can manipulate the Merkle root, which may lead to the distribution of incorrect token quantities to beneficiaries. The discrepancy between the Merkle root and the actual claimable amounts can undermine the fairness and integrity of the distribution process. Malicious actors could potentially exploit this inconsistency to claim more tokens than they are legitimately entitled to, resulting in financial loss and negatively impacting the distribution's credibility.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L105-L130

```solidity
function adjust(address beneficiary, int256 amount) external onlyOwner {
    DistributionRecord memory distributionRecord = records[beneficiary];
    require(distributionRecord.initialized, 'must initialize before adjusting');

    uint256 diff = uint256(amount > 0 ? amount : -amount);
    require(diff < type(uint120).max, 'adjustment > max uint120');

    if (amount < 0) {
        // Decreasing claimable tokens
        require(total >= diff, 'decrease greater than distributor total');
        require(distributionRecord.total >= diff, 'decrease greater than distributionRecord total');
        total -= diff;
        records[beneficiary].total -= uint120(diff);
        token.safeTransfer(owner(), diff);
        // Reduce voting power
        _burn(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(diff));
    } else {
        // Increasing claimable tokens
        total += diff;
        records[beneficiary].total += uint120(diff);
        // Increase voting power
        _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(diff));
    }

    emit Adjust(beneficiary, amount);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is crucial to update the Merkle root whenever the claimable amounts for beneficiaries are adjusted. Whenever the contract owner modifies the claimable tokens using the `adjust` function, they should also recalculate the Merkle root to ensure it accurately reflects the updated distribution details. This ensures that the Merkle root remains consistent with the actual claimable amounts and prevents any discrepancies that attackers could exploit.

