Wobbly Brick Pony

medium

# Unbounded Loop and Potential Gas Cost Issues in Smart Contract

## Summary
The smart contract code provided contains a critical bug related to the calculation of vested fractions in the getVestedFraction function. The use of an unbounded loop to iterate through the tranches array may lead to a gas limit exceed error as the array size increases. This report aims to highlight the severity of the issue and provide recommendations for a gas-efficient solution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability is present in the getVestedFraction function, which is responsible for calculating the vested fraction based on time for a specific beneficiary. The function utilizes an unbounded loop to iterate through the tranches array in reverse order, checking each element to determine the vested fraction. However, as the tranches array grows larger, the loop's computational cost increases, potentially exceeding the gas limit imposed by the Ethereum network.

## Impact
The unbounded loop in the getVestedFraction function poses a significant risk to the smart contract's functionality and usability. As the array size increases over time, the gas cost for executing the function will also grow, leading to higher transaction fees for users. In extreme cases, this may result in transactions being reverted due to the gas limit exceed error, rendering the contract unusable and causing inconvenience to users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/TrancheVesting.sol#L47

    function _setTranches(Tranche[] memory _tranches) private {
    require(_tranches.length != 0, 'tranches required');

    delete tranches; 
    uint128 lastTime = 0;
    uint128 lastVestedFraction = 0;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < _tranches.length; ) {
	...
      tranches.push(_tranches[i]);
    ...
    }
    
    
      function getVestedFraction(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 time
    ) public view override returns (uint256) {
    uint256 delay = getFairDelayTime(beneficiary);
    for (uint256 i = tranches.length; i != 0; ) {
     ...
   }
 
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
in order to fix the issue getVestedFraction function has to be able to become executed in multiple times in case of facing gas limit .
