Wobbly Brick Pony

medium

# Zero Asset Transfer in Cross-chain Communication

## Summary
The initiateClaim function in the smart contract contains a bug that results in a zero asset transfer during the cross-chain communication using the xcall function. The issue lies in the incorrect usage of the total parameter when invoking the xcall function, causing the intended asset amount to be set to 0, which is not aligned with the expected behavior.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises due to the misuse of the total parameter in the initiateClaim function. The initiateClaim function is designed to initiate a cross-chain claim and execute a cross-chain communication via the xcall function. However, when invoking the xcall function, the total parameter, which represents the asset amount to be transferred, is being set to 0. This leads to no assets being transferred during the cross-chain communication, regardless of the value of total provided by the user.

## Impact
As a consequence of this bug, the cross-chain claim mechanism fails to transfer the intended asset amount to the destination domain. Users initiating claims may believe that the intended assets have been transferred when, in fact, no assets are being moved. This can lead to financial losses or inconsistencies in the system, and it undermines the reliability and correctness of the cross-chain communication mechanism.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/Satellite.sol#L93
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/interfaces/IConnext.sol#L6C2-L14C40

    function initiateClaim(uint256 total, bytes32[] calldata proof) public payable {
    // ...  
    // Send claim to distributor via crosschain call
    bytes32 transferId = connext.xcall{ value: msg.value }(
        _distributorDomain, // destination domain
        address(distributor), // to
        address(0), // asset
        address(0), // delegate, only required for self-execution + slippage
        0, // total (incorrectly set to 0)
        0, // slippage
        abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _domain, total, proof) // data
    );

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
 Modify the initiateClaim function to pass the correct value for the total parameter when invoking the xcall function. Ensure that the actual asset amount to be transferred is correctly set as the total parameter, as provided by the user during the claim initiation.
