Daring Cloud Dragonfly

high

# Unintended Recursive Execution in `sweepNative` Function

## Summary
The `sweepNative` function in the `Sweepable` contract presents a potential reentrancy concern. The function's design allows the recipient address to be a contract, and if that contract contains a fallback function that calls back into the `Sweepable` contract (or any other contract), it could lead to recursive execution and unintended behavior.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `sweepNative` function in the `Sweepable` contract transfers the contract's entire balance of native tokens (Ether) to the specified recipient address. Here's the code snippet of the sweepNative function:
```solidity
   function sweepNative() external {
        uint256 amount = address(this).balance;
        (bool success, ) = recipient.call{value: amount}("");
        require(success, "Transfer failed.");
        emit SweepNative(amount);
    }
```
The vulnerability arises from the fact that if the `recipient` address is a contract with a fallback function that calls back into the `Sweepable` contract (or any other contract), it can cause reentrant execution. During reentrant execution, the `sweepNative` function can be called multiple times before the previous executions have completed, leading to potential unintended consequences and contract misbehavior.
## Impact
The reentrancy concern in the `sweepNative` function could lead to the draining of the contract's balance, unexpected behavior, or even contract lockup. An attacker exploiting this vulnerability could repeatedly drain the contract's funds, disrupting its normal operation and causing financial loss.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/utilities/Sweepable.sol#L34-L39
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 One effective mitigation is to use the `ReentrancyGuard` from the OpenZeppelin library.
```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/security/ReentrancyGuard.sol";

contract Sweepable is Ownable, ReentrancyGuard {
    // ... rest of the contract code ...

    function sweepNative() external nonReentrant {
        uint256 amount = address(this).balance;
        require(amount > 0, "No balance to sweep.");

        (bool success, ) = recipient.call{value: amount}("");
        require(success, "Transfer failed.");
        emit SweepNative(amount);
    }

    // ... rest of the contract code ...
}
```