High Misty Seahorse

medium

# Some `beneficiary` addresses may cause wrong value for vested fraction returned as well as returning these values ahead of their time.

## Summary

Some `beneficiary` addresses may cause wrong value for vested fraction returned as well as not taking into account the delay set for returning those values.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/TrancheVesting.sol#L36-L52

`TrancheVesting.getVestedFraction()` returns the vested fraction for a beneficiary at a given time. It calls `getFairDelayTime(beneficiary)`, 
which is inherited through `AdvancedDistributor` from `FairQueue` (which is out of scope), where the delay time is calculated as follows:

```solidity
function getFairDelayTime(address user) public view returns (uint256) {
    if (distancePerSecond == 0) {
        // there is no delay: all addresses may participate immediately
        return 0;
    }

    // calculate a distance between the random value and the user's address using the XOR distance metric (c.f. Kademlia)
    uint160 distance = uint160(user) ^ randomValue; // This will cause distance to be set to 0

    // return the delay (seconds)
    return distance / distancePerSecond;
}

// Where the randomValue is set as follows:

function _setPseudorandomValue(uint160 salt) internal {
    ...
    randomValue = uint160(uint256(blockhash(block.number - 1))) ^ salt;
}
```

This is only added for clarity of the issue. This issue arises when a value for the beneficiary is big enough despite the function above. 
So, when `TrancheVesting.getVestedFraction()` is called, 0 is returned for `delay`, and the returned vestedFraction will be flawed and there will be no delay set.
This is an issue of medium severity.

## Impact

There is no delay calculated when calling `getVestedFraction()` which returns the `vestedFraction` before this time is set properly. It is also mis-calculated which harms the protocol in the users eyes.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
// Right returned vestedFraction
if (time - delay > tranches[i].time) {
    return tranches[i].vestedFraction;
}

// Wrong returned vestedFraction
if (time > tranches[i].time) {
    return tranches[i].vestedFraction;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check if the beneficiary address is smaller than a certain value - In scope 
(or the value returned from `getFairDelayTime()` is non-zero for `distancePerSecond > 0`).
