Harsh Pewter Peacock

high

# `ContinuousVesting`: At cliff users receive more tokens than originally intended

## Summary
The `ContinuousVesting.getVestedFraction` function calculates the vested fraction amount incorrectly by using `start` time instead of `cliff` leading to incorrect token distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `getVestedFraction` looks like this:
```solidity
	function getVestedFraction(
		address beneficiary,
		uint256 time // time is in seconds past the epoch (e.g. block.timestamp)
	) public view override returns (uint256) {
		uint256 delayedTime = time- getFairDelayTime(beneficiary);

		if (delayedTime <= cliff) {
			return 0;
		}

		if (delayedTime >= end) {
			return fractionDenominator;
		}

		return (fractionDenominator * (delayedTime - start)) / (end - start);
	}
```
In the last statement it can be seen that the ratio of time elapsed by total duration is calculated as `(delayedTime - start) / (end - start)`. 

Consider this scenario:
1. A protocol wants to distribute 150 vested tokens over 200 days to a user. 50 tokens should be distributed at a cliff of 100 days and the rest of 100 tokens are vested over next 100 days after the cliff.
2. The user claims just after the 100 days cliff.
3. Due to the wrong calculations the elapsed time will be considered as 100 days and its ratio with total duration of 200 days will come out to be 0.5.
4. So at cliff the user will become enable to claim 75 tokens (50% of 150 tokens) instead of the originally intended 50. 
5. The remaining 75 tokens will now be vested 0.75 tokens per day.

The outcome in the above scenario scenario is completely different than the original cliff and vesting schedule. 

## Impact
The users get different amount of airdropped tokens than the original vesting schedule. The protocols who launch vested airdrops on Tokensoft will see a completely different inflow of tokens into the market than they originally anticipated and wanted.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/ContinuousVesting.sol#L54

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using `cliff` parameter instead of `start` in `getVestedFraction` for fraction calculation.
```solidity
return (fractionDenominator * (delayedTime - cliff)) / (end - cliff);
```
