Harsh Pewter Peacock

high

# `CrosschainDistributor` incorrectly assumes that domain of destination chains will never be 0

## Summary
`CrosschainDistributor` incorrectly assumes that the domain of destination chains will never be 0. This assumption is incorrect and over-optimistic which can lead incorrect token distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `CrosschainDistributor._settleClaim` function looks like this:
```solidity
  function _settleClaim(
    address _beneficiary,
    address _recipient,
    uint32 _recipientDomain,
    uint256 _amount
  ) internal virtual {
    bytes32 id;
    if (_recipientDomain == 0 || _recipientDomain == domain) {
      token.safeTransfer(_recipient, _amount);
    } else {
      ...
    }
    emit CrosschainClaim(id, _beneficiary, _recipient, _recipientDomain, _amount);
  }
```
It can be seen that if the `_recipientDomain` is 0 then the tokens are transferred on the same chain, i.e., cross chain token transfer is not triggered. 

The domain of a destination chain in Connext network is independent of chain id and can be arbitrary. The connext protocol never assures that the domain of a chain will never be zero.

Consider this scenario:
1. A new chain gets supported by Connext whose domain is `0`.
2. A smart contract wallet is set to receive airdrop tokens on the new chain. The Distributor contract is present on a different chain.
3. `_settleClaim` is invoked for the recipient.
4. As the domain of destination chain is `0` the tokens will be incorrectly distributed on the same chain as the DIstributor contract.

In this scenario, the airdrop tokens were transferred to a different chain that intended for a smart contract recipient. Note that, this is an outcome which the protocol always wanted to prevent as stated [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainMerkleDistributor.sol#L30-L35) because contracts do not share same addresses over different chains.


## Impact
In the above demonstrated scenario, the tokens were distributed to a different chain than intended for a smart contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L68C1-L89C4

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider removing the `_recipientDomain == 0` condition