Zany Taffy Viper

high

# When a new token address is set, allowance is set to `total - claimed` which can be wrong.

## Summary
When a new token address is set using the `_setToken` function in `CrosschainDistributor`, allowance is set to `total - claimed` which might not be correct.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the `_setToken` function in `CrosschainDistributor` is called to set a new token address, `_allowConnext` is called with `total - claimed` as input for the new token. This could lead to a problem as the value/price of the new token is not being taken into consideration. For example, if the original token is USDC and the new token being set is WBTC. Then Connext has an allowance for tokens that is much more in value than USDC. The `total - claimed` is just for the token amounts and does not take the price of the new token into context. So, the increase in value that is being allowed for Connext to transfer is much more significant. And so when users claim tokens, they are able to claim a lot more value than they were previously intended to.

```solidity
function _setToken(
    IERC20 _token
) internal virtual override nonReentrant onlyOwner {
    // interaction before effect!
    // decrease allowance on old token
    _allowConnext(0);

    // effect
    super._setToken(_token);

    // interactions
    // increase allowance on new token
    _allowConnext(total - claimed); //@audit - the value of the token should be taken into context here.
}
```

## Impact
Users are able to claim a lot more value than intended when a new token is set which has a higher price than the previous token that was used originally.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/SoftDAO/contracts/blob/291df55ddb0dbf53c6ed4d5b7432db0c357ca4d3/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainDistributor.sol#L58

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The input to `_allowConnext` in the last line of the `_setToken` function should be based on the price of the new token and not just the amount of tokens.
