Broad Tangerine Sloth

high

# Unchecked Underflow in TrancheVesting Struct

## Summary

There is a critical vector in the TrancheVesting.sol contract, where an unchecked underflow can occur, moreover leading to loss of funds or other unintended consequences.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the TrancheVesting.sol contract, an unchecked underflow is present in the `getVestedFraction` function. When subtracting `delay` from `time`, there is no check to ensure that `time` is greater than or equal to `delay`. This can cause an underflow if `delay` is larger than `time`, which can then result in unexpected behavior.

```solidity
if (time - delay > tranches[i].time) {
 return tranches[i].vestedFraction;
}
```

## Impact

The impact of this bug can be quite severe, especially if this function is being used in a calculation that involves token transfers. This bug could allow a malicious user to manipulate the result of the `getVestedFraction` function to get more tokens than they are supposed to. Depending on the circumstances, this could even lead to all tokens in the contract being drained.

## Code Snippet

The vulnerability exists in the `getVestedFraction` function of the TrancheVesting.sol contract:

```solidity
function getVestedFraction(
 address beneficiary,
 uint256 time
 ) public view override returns (uint256) {
 uint256 delay = getFairDelayTime(beneficiary);
 for (uint256 i = tranches.length; i != 0; ) {
 unchecked {
 --i;
 }

 if (time - delay > tranches[i].time) {
 return tranches[i].vestedFraction;
 }
 }

 return 0;
 }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/TrancheVesting.sol#L36-L52

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent the unchecked underflow, the `getVestedFraction` function should be updated to ensure that `time` is greater than or equal to `delay` before subtracting. This can be achieved by adding a require statement to check for this condition.

```solidity
require(time >= delay, "Time must be greater than or equal to delay");
if (time - delay > tranches[i].time) {
 return tranches[i].vestedFraction;
}
```

## Proof Of Concept

1. Instantiate a new TrancheVesting contract with a legitimate IERC20 token, a non-zero total, a non-empty URI, a non-zero voteFactor, an array of valid Tranche objects, a non-zero maxDelayTime, and a non-zero salt.
2. Invoke the `getVestedFraction` function with a beneficiary address and a `time` value that is less than the `delay` associated with that beneficiary. For example, let's assume `delay` for a beneficiary is 10 units and `time` is provided as 5 units, which is less than the `delay`.
3. Instead of the function reverting due to underflow, you'll witness that the function proceeds without hindrance, leading to an underflow and returning an unexpected value due to the operation (time - delay). This abnormal behavior proves the existence of the unchecked underflow vulnerability.