Sticky Leather Lizard

high

# Votes counted multiple times and/or governance takeover upon reinitialization

## Summary

If the claim is initialized multiple times, i.e. `_initializeDistributionRecord` is called, the votes that should be received are added to the vote balance instead of changed to the new balance.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let there be two users, A and B. Both users have 100 tokens to be received through the airdrop. At some time, both of them unlocked a 50 of those due to the unlock schedule. Now, the owner sends 1 more token to the distributor and updates the merkle root so that user A has 101 tokens due.

The vesting schedule ends. User B claimed their 50 tokens to make a total of 100. User A now shows the proof that they have 101 tokens to receive, so their position [is initialized again](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/Distributor.sol#L73-L76). This means that more votes are minted proportionally to the new token allocation with no burn, because of the [faulty implementation of the `_initializeDistributionRecord` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L77-L85), which doesn't burn tokens from the previous initialization. Hence, user A has as many votes as they would have having 201 token allocation and user B has votes token for 100 tokens' allocation.

The severity is further increased by the observation that any beneficiary in `CrosschainMerkleDistributor` can simply call `initializeDistributionRecord` multiple times to invoke `_initializeDistributionRecord`. Hence, no change is needed to the merkle root or distribution – a user can call the above function multiple times to receive more and more votes. In case of `CrosschainMerkleDistributor`, this issue presents a total governance takeover instead of an allocation increase by up to a few times.

## Impact

This presents a vote allocation exploit, it is deemed of high severity, as badly assigned votes have direct influence on protocol's decisions in a DAO, which manages protocol funds.

In case of contracts utilizing `AdvancedDistributor`, reinitialization is only possible when the allocation changes, which may be rate.

In case of contracts utilizing `CrosschainMerkleDistributor`, this issue presents an opportunity for a total governance takeover.

## Code Snippet

```js
  function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // add voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(totalAmount));
  }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Upon initialization, burn all vote tokens of a user.
