Zany Taffy Viper

high

# IVT tokens can be minted many times by calling `initializeDistributionRecord` several times.

## Summary
IVT tokens can be minted many times by calling `initializeDistributionRecord` several times, giving a malicious user an unlimited amount of voting power.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `initializeDistributionRecord` function in the `CrosschainMerkleDistributor` is an external function that could be called by anyone, given that they submit valid Merkle proof.  But there is no limit on how many times this function can be called. This function calls the `_initializeDistributionRecord` in `AdvancedDistributor`, which mints the IVT tokens. Since there is no limit on calling `initializeDistributionRecord` as long as a valid Merkle proof is provided, a user could mint an infinite amount of IVT tokens giving them a lot of voting power.

```solidity
function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // add voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(totalAmount)); 
    //@audit -  no limit on minting these tokens. Given that initializeDistributionRecord
    //in CrosschainMerkleDistributor can be called many times with the same leaf value and Merkle proof.
}
```

## Impact
A malicious user could mint an infinite amount of IVT tokens giving them a lot of voting power.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/SoftDAO/contracts/blob/291df55ddb0dbf53c6ed4d5b7432db0c357ca4d3/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainMerkleDistributor.sol#L46-L53

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Limit the number of times the `initializeDistributionRecord` function can be called. It should only be called once. This could be done by maintaining a mapping like this:

```solidity
mapping(bytes32 => mapping (bytes32 => bool)) merkleRootToLeafInitialised;
```

If for a Merkle root, a leaf has already been initialised, then do not call the `initializeDistributionRecord` function again.
