Soaring Ebony Moth

high

# Any beneficiary can mint infinite number of votingTokens

## Summary
Any beneficiary, as long as their total in the merkle root is more than 0, can mint an infinite number of votingTokens through  CrosschainMerkleDistributor.initializeDistributionRecord() OR any other means of reinitializing a distribution record. This completely destroys the purpose of votingTokens and will lead to serious abuse of governance functions.
## Vulnerability Detail
The 'initializeDistributionRecord()' function of CrosschainMerkleDistributor allows anyone to initialize a valid distribution record.
That function in turn calls the '_initializeDistributionRecord()' of AdvancedDistributor.

AdvancedDistributor.sol
```solidity
function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // add voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(totalAmount)); 
  }
```
Generally, votingTokens = (records[user].total - records[user].claimed) * votingTokenMultiplier
The issue is that this functions mints tokens corresponding to (records[user].total * votingTokenMultiplier) AND can be called repetitively.

Therefore, even if a user has claimed all their tokens, he can keep calling this function, which will mint him more votingTokens every time, proportionate to his current total in the merkle root.

This vulnerability is NOT exclusive to the crosschainDistributor since any function which indirectly reinitializes the record, will also overmint votingTokens.

## Impact
Any governance function, relying on the votingTokens is currently exploitable and unsafe, rendering the governance mechanism unusable.
Depending on the protocol, compromised governance functions can lead to serious loss of funds for users and the protocol, as well as  service-breaking changes in its functionality.

## Code Snippet
Main entrypoint:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/CrosschainMerkleDistributor.sol#L46-L53

Vulnerable function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L77-L85

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
here is an example implementation with some considerations:
```solidity

 function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    DistributionRecord memory record = records[beneficiary];

    if(record.total > record.claimed) {  //if total <= claimed (in case of new merkle root), no tokens should be minted.
    uint256 maxVotingTokens = tokensToVotes(record.total - record.claimed); 
    uint256 currentVotingTokens = balanceOf(beneficiary);

    if(currentVotingTokens < maxVotingTokens) {
      _mint(beneficiary, maxVotingTokens - currentVotingTokens);
    }
    //optional else - burn any voting tokens that are over the new total
    } 
    //optional else - this would happen if the merkle root was updated and newTotal < claimed
    // burn any votingTokens that are over the new total
  }
```
1. Check that user's total is more than his claimed tokens. This is necessary in case of a new merkle root.
2. If it's more, check if his currentVotingTokens are less than what he should have.
2.1. Mint more tokens if that is the case
2.2. If he has **more** votingTokens than the maxTokens (could happen in case of new merkleRoot where user hasn't claimed anything), then burn any extra tokens.
eg: he had initial 100 total and was minted 200 votingTokens. New merkle root sets his total to 50 but he still has 200 votingTokens)
3. If his total is less than his claimed, you can burn any extra votingTokens that are leftover from the old merkle root.
