Loud Sage Aphid

medium

# setVoteFactor doesn't update past votes, potentially bricking claims

## Summary
setVoteFactor of AdvancedDistributor simply updates the voteFactor, without taking into account prior distribution records that minted votes according to the prior vote factor. This affects _executeClaim, which is used in the claim process for the derived distributors.

## Vulnerability Detail
[setVoteFactor changes the voteFactor](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L182) without updating the votes of users. However, _executeClaim calls [_burn(recipient, tokensToVotes(_claimed))](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L94), which can revert if tokensToVotes(_claimed) returns more vote tokens than the user has. It's calculated using [(tokenAmount * voteFactor) / fractionDenominator](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L74), where the current voteFactor is used. When [_mint was called in initializeDistributionRecord](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L84), the previous voteFactor was used to calculate the amount to mint, so if voteFactor is increased by the time user wants to claim, the record total cannot be claimed without burning more tokens than the user has, resulting in unpredictable loss of claims.

## Impact 
If the voteFactor is increased after distributions records have been initialized, some of the tokens will necessarily be unclaimable for users with previously initialized distribution records. If voteFactor is decreased after distribution records have been initialized, users will be left with votes even after claiming all tokens.

## Code Snippet
``  function setVoteFactor(uint256 _voteFactor) external onlyOwner {
    voteFactor = _voteFactor;
    emit SetVoteFactor(voteFactor);
  }

function tokensToVotes(uint256 tokenAmount) private view returns (uint256) {
    return (tokenAmount * voteFactor) / fractionDenominator;
  }

function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // add voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(totalAmount));
  }

function _executeClaim(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override returns (uint256 _claimed) {
    _claimed = super._executeClaim(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // reduce voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _burn(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(_claimed));
  }
``

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include voteFactor directly in distribution record, so that if voteFactor changes by the time user calls _executeClaim, the value can be updated and difference in vote tokens will be minted/burned based on difference between the old and new value.

Optionally edit setVoteFactor so that it cannot be updated once initialized, or remove it and set the vote factor directly in the constructor.