Harsh Pewter Peacock

high

# Inconsistent minting and burning of tokens in `AdvancedDistributor`

## Summary
Due to a change in `voteFactor` the number of tokens burned for user can be different than number of tokens minted originally which leads to critical scenarios.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `AdvancedDistributor` inherits ERC20Votes contract and intends to provide voting rights to recipients who are bound to receive airdrop tokens in future (vested airdrops). These recipient can call `initializeDistributionRecord` to collect their voting tokens, further as they claim their airdrop tokens the respective voting tokens will be burnt.

The amount of voting tokens minted/burned is determined by the `voteFactor` parameter which can be changed by `owner`. This means that the number of tokens burned can be different than number of tokens minted.

Consider these scenarios:

Scenario 1:
- voteFactor is set as 90%.
- A user is set to receive 100 tokens in the airdrop.
- User calls `initializeDistributionRecord` which mints 90 voting tokens to him.
- Owner decreases the voteFactor to 80%.
- User calls `claim`, he gets his 100 airdrop token and his 80 voting tokens get burned.
- Even after claiming the airdrop completely, the user still has 10 voting tokens which he can freely use to influence governance.

Scenario 2:
- voteFactor is set as 80%.
- A user is set to receive 100 tokens in the airdrop.
- User calls `initializeDistributionRecord` which mints 80 voting tokens to him.
- Owner increases the voteFactor to 90%.
- User calls `claim`, the AdvancedDistributor tries to burn 90 voting tokens for user while the user only has 80. The txn reverts.
- The user cannot execute `claim` txn as it will always revert.



## Impact
The Tokensoft airdrop protocol in meant to be used by other projects to launch their airdrops. It also offers the functionality of changing the `voteFactor` using the `setVoteFactor` function to the airdrop owner. This ability to change votefactor results in two unintended scenarios:
1. When vote factor is decreased, the user can have voting tokens even after claiming which can be used to influence governance.
2. When vote factor is increased, the user cannot claim airdrops.  

Note, the owner's `setVoteFactor` can always be frontrunned by a malicious recipient to either get extra vote tokens (case 1) or to initialize records for other recipients to prevent them from claiming airdrops (case 2).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L73-L95

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider removing the `setVoteFactor` function so that the `voteFactor` can only be initialised at deployment.