Hot Shamrock Unicorn

medium

# Imbalance in voting power due to voteFactor changes

## Summary

The vulnerability arises when users **claim**  all tokens but still retain **voting tokens**, leading to an imbalance between **token ownership** and **voting power**. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract's vulnerability arises from the **owner's** ability to change the `voteFactor`, impacting **voting power**. This could lead to an imbalance between **token ownership** and **voting influence**, resulting in unfair governance.

In `_initializeDistributionRecord` the `_mint` function is called, which adds voting power to the user based on the formula `tokensToVotes(totalAmount)`. The `voteFactor` at this point determines the ratio of **voting power** to the **claimed tokens**.

```solidity
  function _initializeDistributionRecord(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override {
    super._initializeDistributionRecord(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // add voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _mint(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(totalAmount)); 
  }
```

```solidity
  function tokensToVotes(uint256 tokenAmount) private view returns (uint256) {
    return (tokenAmount * voteFactor) / fractionDenominator;
  }
```

Now, suppose the **owner** decides to change the `voteFactor` due to any of the reasons, such as **adjusting voting power**, **balancing the token economy**, **correcting mistakes**, or **adapting to changing circumstances**.

After the `voteFactor` update, the vulnerability emerges when a user claims their tokens and invokes the `_burn` function.

```solidity
function _executeClaim(
  address beneficiary,
  uint256 totalAmount
) internal virtual override returns (uint256 _claimed) {
  require(totalAmount <= balanceOf(beneficiary), "Insufficient tokens to claim");
  
  // reduce voting power through ERC20Votes extension
  _burn(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(_claimed)); 
}
```

The `_burn` function reduces the user's **voting power** based on the formula `tokensToVotes(_claimed)`, using the updated `voteFactor`. However, the **voting power** that the user initially received through the `_mint` function is based on the previous `voteFactor`.

For example, if the original `voteFactor` was 2 and the owner changes it to 1, a user who claims all tokens will now have half the **voting tokens** without retaining actual **ownership of any tokens**. This creates an imbalance in voting influence, where some users may have disproportionate **voting power**, potentially leading to an unfair governance system.

## Impact

- **Unfair Governance**: Users retaining significant voting power after claiming tokens can result in an unfair governance system. Some users may wield disproportionate influence, undermining the democratic principles of decentralized governance.

- **Reduced Engagement**: Token withdrawal with minimal voting power impact might discourage active participation in governance, leading to reduced engagement and long-term sustainability challenges.

- **Erosion of Trust**: Lack of direct tie between voting power and tokens held can erode users' trust in governance. Transparency and fairness are essential to maintain confidence in the decision-making process.

## Code Snippet

- **tokensToVotes()**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/1f58ddb066ab383c416cfcbf95c9902683506e96/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L73

- **_initializeDistributionRecord()**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/1f58ddb066ab383c416cfcbf95c9902683506e96/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L77C2-L77C2

- **_executeClaim()**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/1f58ddb066ab383c416cfcbf95c9902683506e96/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L87C12-L87C25

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The contract should recalculate the **voting power** of existing token holders when the `voteFactor` changes. This ensures that **voting power** remains directly proportional to the **number of tokens held**, promoting a balanced and equitable governance system. Additionally, clear communication and transparency about any changes in the `voteFactor` are essential to keep users informed and maintain trust in the platform's governance.
