Melted Spruce Oyster

high

# Slightly increasing the vote factor can result to beneficiaries not able to claim their tokens.

## Summary
Slightly increasing the vote factor can result to beneficiaries not able to claim their tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
Increasing the vote factor can result to unexpected outcome, as beneficiaries won't be able to claim their tokens.

When executing claim, the function calculates the amount of votes it has to burn based on the formula in the function 
tokensToVotes. This can be problematic if the vote power increases and can lead to the following scenario:
- A beneficiary is initialized and voting power is minted to it based on the current factor.
- Time passes and the vote factor slightly increases
- The beneficiary tries to claim his tokens but as the vote factor increased, the function will try to burn more voting power than the user has and it will revert.
- In the end the beneficiary won't be able to claim his rewards.

```solidity
  function _executeClaim(
    address beneficiary,
    uint256 totalAmount
  ) internal virtual override returns (uint256 _claimed) {
    _claimed = super._executeClaim(beneficiary, totalAmount);

    // reduce voting power through ERC20Votes extension
    _burn(beneficiary, tokensToVotes(_claimed));
  }
``` 
```solidity
  function tokensToVotes(uint256 tokenAmount) private view returns (uint256) {
    return (tokenAmount * voteFactor) / fractionDenominator;
  }
```

## Impact
Duo to difference between the two vote factors, when the beneficiary was initialized and after the vote factor increases. The beneficiary won't be able to claim his tokens, as the function will try to burn more voting power than the beneficiary has. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L87

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokensoft/blob/main/contracts/contracts/claim/abstract/AdvancedDistributor.sol#L73

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The one way to fix this issue would be to burn the whole amount of voting power the beneficiary has, only if the tokens claimed have more voting power than the user has. This will prevent the issue from not being able to claim rewards, if vote factor increases over time.